Okay part of the easy features, number one, flip profit calculator. Here we'll need:
1. Enter an item and then the purchase price from retail or the resale price.
2. You can see the profit after fees on any of these sites but I'm assuming we'll need to know the fees that they're charging.
Do we need a direct API integration into eBay, StockX, or Go or do they have clear-cut fees so we can just calculate that? Also though we'll need real-time data into what the current price is on Go, StockX, or eBay so I feel like there we might need an API to connect to. I feel like the idea here is let's say you're at the store and you see Pokémon cards and you don't know if they're good for resale. Instead of having to go on Google and shit, you just hella quickly hop on the app, check the price, and see if it's a profit. 


2. Number 2, a basic profit and expense tracker. I'm thinking you got two options here:
1. At the end of the month just export a CSV from your credit card to pull all the transactions and stuff.
2. If possible some type of API integration into the credit card so it can pull transactions.
I see a couple problems with this. Let's say for example you're buying Pokémon off Target. How do you differentiate something bought off Target that was Pokémon or just some dude buying his groceries on the same card? I think some other things are easier, like maybe fucking GameStop might be easier or if you buy from Supreme to resell. I still think you'll have issues differentiating.
Also how do you know what's an expense for buying on the credit card? I feel like having a dude completely automated is kind of hard to do the CSV. It might have to be some manual input but we can discuss this more.

3. The email and account manager. When I was using AYCD they do a great job of creating emails for you but their organization is a little hard. You have to kinda do it all yourself and it's all just in little groups and their UI's, in my opinion, not the best.
It'd be good if you could import your Hidemy emails, let's say all 750 for one iCloud account. You can organize them by:
- If you have multiple iCloud accounts, you wanna organize each Hidemy by which account it goes to.
- You also wanna organize it by what retailer you've set it up on.
Let's say 500 out of my 750 on my iCloud account 1 have been used on Target and then 300 of them have been used on Walmart. All of them are used on Supreme and 472 have been used on Best Buy. That's why it gets confusing knowing which ones have been used where, especially if you have multiple iCloud accounts, because then it really gets all mixed up.
Being able to see which one goes where, we could maybe connect to iCloud, like I map or maybe some API, if we're auto-genning from AYCD so it can pull and so it knows every time a new account gets generated a new email gets gen'd. If not once you get to Jen Center 50 you can just import them and then manually log that and then manually log whenever you generate an account, usually on AYCD with one of those emails. You can log it so it's saved.

4. Password Vault seems pretty straightforward, basically like Bitwarden or iCloud passwords or one of these sites does. I feel like this one is going to be a nice extra feature, especially if you have a lot of accounts and are keeping your passwords to those accounts organized. I feel like this feature honestly isn't super important and I feel like a lot of people wouldn't switch from Bitwarden or iCloud Passes or whatever their password manager is currently. 

5. VCC Tracker, I think that'll basically be on the same lines as the email tracker, where I might have three different credit cards. Each credit card number I'm generating CSV VCCs; it's hard to keep track. A lot of virtual cards are locked to one store so it'd be good to know which last four digits are for which store, so kind of just a better organization for VCCs. I'm not sure if we could pull an API from the credit card company or a CSV of all the VCCs that a credit card currently has or you have to manually log each time you make one, but I definitely wanna look into that. 

6. Automation jig tool. Honestly this one isn't as important either. It's like a nice extra feature. A lot of these tools I think AYCD already has, which is fine. We're kinda just doing their shit but more organized and kinda just adding a better organization on top of what they're offering. They already do jigging very well when you generate accounts, emails, and profiles so I don't think this one's as important but it could just be a nice extra feature. 

7. For the drop calendar I feel like just a yearly drop calendar showing when everything's dropping. I feel like a lot of cook groups already do this. I'm not sure if we can maybe just pull information straight from a cook group or set up our own scraping with even you so you can scrape through and see when drops are happening. I think a drop calendar for the whole year would be great. Don't know where to get the information exactly. I think implementation can either just come from getting information on cook groups and repurposing it or just scraping ourselves. 

8. For auto cleanup tools AYCD already does this pretty well but once again they're just disorganized. If people don't pay for AYCD this could be a nice feature. I think just very basic email filtering could be good here. Honestly now with AI email filtering is not even a good feature anyways cause you can literally just plug in Gemini from Google to filter your fucking Gmail so I think this one's a kind of whatever feature. 

9. Honestly give me more information about the cloud sync and the encrypted backup. I don't really understand the point of this. 


Medium 


10. Okay for the order tracker it's already possible to set up a webhook through the botting apps to send your information. For example Cybersoul, they're a big botter. When you do a checkout on Cybersoul or any of the botting companies (I'll use Cybersoul as an example), before you run your tasks to buy your products, you can set up a webhook. Usually you can set the webhook through Discord so you usually make a Discord channel and it'll auto forward every single thing it checks out on, which also allows you to do manual checkouts through Discord webhooks.I'm sure we can just set up a webhook to do this and that will give order number tracking and item most of that information. We could do the parsing with either IMAP or webhooks for emails to forward the emails but I don't think we'll need to forward the emails. We can just do it through the botting service but we want to weigh all options. 

11. Advanced Profit Tracker connects to the bank or card API. I don't know if Capital One, City Bank, Chase, whatever, all these things have APIs. I really doubt they have APIs that connect to the bank so this might be a really hard feature but we could probably use the order tracker combined with the inventory manager to connect with this.
I'm assuming we can for sure connect to StockX, Goat, or other marketplaces to auto log the sales so maybe the expenses can be either pulled from the CSV or kind of manually inputted. It can auto track when you sell items through the marketplaces if that's possible through an API or some type of integration. 



12. So inventory manager, since we can track all inventory that comes in through the webhooks, through the order tracker, we can see how long we've sat on a certain item. Then if we're pulling current resell values through the API, like you say, we can flag items that have been sitting too long or have dropped below a certain threshold of profit so those should be focused on to sell more. Also if you're a big reseller and you have an insane amount of products, it's very good to have an inventory management system because no one really has that from what I've seen. If you have fucking 100 Funko pops and 200 sneakers and 300 Pokémon, it's hard to keep track of everything so if it's all integrated in the system. Then what I'm thinking too is I'm assuming if you're selling on StockX or Goat or eBay with their APIs, every time an item is sold we can automatically remove it from the inventory to make it more of an automated process. Obviously you sell it in person or through Facebook marketplace or something like that. Then the person could manually input that they sold it and they could track the inventory but ideally a super automated way to track inventory would be great. 


13. So the Discord alerts integration exactly, I don't know if it's best to install a bot that could filter cook group channels or send alerts. What I'm thinking is let's say someone has five cook groups. They're part of five bought Discords so they're constantly, when there's an update from the bots, they send a message on Discord but it's also flooded with all the other messages through this core that are coming in. If you have five cook groups and they're all spamming out different stuff, it's just a lot to manage all through Discord because this core isn't super manageable for this many different channels. If you can consolidate all cook groups into a cook group section, you can even filter by, let's say, Pokémon or filter by sneakers or filter by Target or Walmart. You can get all the best info from each of your cook groups just on Walmart, just on Target. It doesn't make it super organized and just a lot quicker and easier to get the info that you need from either your cook group or your bot community or whatever. As far as integrating this if installing a bot is possible, that's fine but then I'm pretty sure you can't really add bots into channels, especially channels that require you, like the cook group channels, which are botting channels. They require you to pay to get access. If there's a way where we can take the Discord users' API for their account and then just scrape the messages directly through the API, if that's possible, or some type of gateway like that, I think that might be the only way to do it. I don't know. I definitely really look into how we could pull Discord messages and forward them onto our app, maybe through some type of hook or webhook. I'm really not sure. I think webhooks could be possible but really really need to look into that. We need some way to scrape through the channels that they want to be scraped through and I don't know how that works. 

14. So this one I think is pretty straightforward, the analytics dashboard, so we can just chart profit versus spend over time. That's a great feature. You can see what months are most profitable and you can track trends and see what sizes to buy in these shirts or what products were most profitable during this month. Why were they most profitable? Then we can see, by proxy, what's most, what's hitting the best over time. If over a year that proxy seller one is 50 times better than proxy seller 2, then I should probably just stop buying from proxy seller 2 and then as well as our bots. If fucking valor is outperforming cyber soul by 50%, then it's better to switch to only valor maybe. If you have trends over time I think that's very useful. ROI trends are best for me. Drop days, I think these are good. They can kind of connect that into our drop calendar, like the yearly drop calendar we make. I think the analytics dashboard and we could even add more features in this. I don't know exactly what features could be good to add but I think the analytics dashboard, especially with the features you mentioned so far, like the profit versus spend over time and especially the success rate by the site or bot or proxy, is very important. 

15. Uh I'm not sure what privacy.com is and I'm not familiar with them but generating VCCs would probably be best done through the credit card company itself so I can generate through Capital One, Amazon, or City. I'm sure some other sites or cards offer it. Right now I'm pretty sure I know for sure AYCD does that. I don't know if anyone else does it but AYCD has a bot that just goes and will log into your account for you. If you have 2FA set up through AYCD, it'll do the 2FA for you. If not you'll just have to type in a 2FA password and then it can go and click around and generate your virtual card for you by just clicking on the screen and shit. I'm assuming they just set up a script that just opens up a browser and clicks around on that. There are a few issues with it, like they have their own Chromium browser that has no cookies and stuff so they're not going to get detected by anti-bot. Also if we can make something like this, that could be good but AYCD already does it so I don't know how important the VCC generator is. I think it's kind of whatever. I think it's better to just integrate with AYCD if AYCD has an API. 

16. Yes 2FA is literally just an auth app. I don't know how difficult it is to build something like this but I'm assuming you just store shit on a server or out in the cloud and stuff. It could be something interesting to look into. It could be a good feature im not sure. Pretty striahg forward tho.

17. The Marketplace Sync Autosync, I think this one's very important. If we can do OAuth or APIs through eBay, StockX Go, then not only can you pull real-time data, which we'll need to pull real-time data for some of the other features like we said:
- the flip profit calculator, the first thing we're talking about, to see the profit on a certain product
- the profit and expense calculator
If we have the OAuth or API through eBay, StockX, or Go every time there's a sale and an item is sold, we can remove it from our inventory and track that profit. That one is definitely important.

18. Bot Integration via Webhooks. We talked about this a little earlier. This is exactly perfect. You make your webhook, paste it into any of the bot configurations, and then every time a deal is checked out it gets sent straight to us, which is good because then we can track all the orders that are getting sent through. 




Hard


20. Does the AYCD not give their users API keys? I don't know how much information we can pull from the API keys but I could also talk to the people at AYCD because I know them personally to see if I can get an API key integration or if they can just offer that to their users. Look into AYCD and their API integration because I'm pretty sure they might have something like that.  Also if you need I have AYCD. If I download AYCD onto my computer I don't think it's downloaded right now. Can you just go through the entire codebase and all the files and see if there's any API key we can pull from there or you can figure out their whole system and how they built it I can send you the file path to where I have it downloaded. 

24. I think combining with cookgroups could be good at some point but I feel like for now it's just better to pull their info from their discords and just propagate all the cookgroup information into our app through their discord notifications. It's just easier this way; it's better per user and I don't have to go and fucking talk to the cookgroups and try to set up some deal 


30. Doing a group buy in a resource hub would be great. We can just, if I can, offer discounts with other bots and they can offer me discounts on my app, which is common. I think the resource hub could be the most important thing. There are so many cookgroups and so many guides from AYCD and cybersoul on their websites. There is so much information that it is hard to get good through all of it and I feel like they're not super searchable.

If we could literally pull all their info off their websites and put it into a searchable database, that, if possible, maybe this could be an extra paid feature. We could use some type of RAG semantic database searching to get results super quickly for specific things for our users. This could be kind of almost like a super good helper for newer boters trying to learn about each different bot and how to use it. 





I skipped over a few of the features because honestly I think they're just too difficult and there's no point in building them because they're just way too difficult. I'd rather keep this simpler if possible. 

I think the key to making this work is having a fucking perfect UI. The user interface has to be so easy, super low friction, compared to something like AYCD. I want this to be like, like you get a new phone. If you get an Android the UI fucking sucks; it's hard to use, it's confusing. You get an Apple phone; the UI is amazing; it's so easy, so user friendly. We want this to be like Apple because this feature, this product we're building, is just an extra feature for people to add.

If we charge a low amount, like $5, to get it in and then we also make it insanely usable, that's gonna really help us. The UI has to be super super clean so we want to really focus on the UI and really really use the skills that we have, like the front end skill, the playground skill, which is more for HTML but I'm sure you could probably pull some things from there and then also for front end and just web app design. Even go online and look for other resources and tools that I could import into here for you to use because the UI is the most important thing for sure 